README.md, before:

[![Validated HTML5 and CSS](https://github.com/amardeshbd/hossainkhan.com/workflows/Validate/badge.svg)](https://github.com/amardeshbd/hossainkhan.com/actions)

# hossainkhan.com
Static site for [hossainkhan.com](http://hossainkhan.com/)

## Site Theme Credits
Xiaoying Riley at 3rd Wave Media (http://themes.3rdwavemedia.com/)

* Theme Used: "**Developer**" ([bootstrap-theme-for-web-developers](https://themes.3rdwavemedia.com/bootstrap-templates/resume/free-bootstrap-theme-for-web-developers/))

## Miscellaneous: Github pages with custom domain
Here is a quick writeup I did on how you can use custom domain for your Github pages.
 - [Using custom domain for GitHub pages @ Medium.com](https://medium.com/@hossainkhan/using-custom-domain-for-github-pages-86b303d3918a)


----

## Site Preview - Screenshot

This is a snapshot of the website showcasing light and dark mode :last_quarter_moon:

[![hk-website-screenshot@0 5x](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99822/83168985-5a84ea00-a0e0-11ea-895b-e2023a345082.jpg)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99822/83168987-5b1d8080-a0e0-11ea-9fe8-18273f6f5bd4.jpg)

Commit message:

[ADDED] Local dev note
Don't have to Google it anymore.

README.md, after:

[![Validated HTML5 and CSS](https://github.com/amardeshbd/hossainkhan.com/workflows/Validate/badge.svg)](https://github.com/amardeshbd/hossainkhan.com/actions)

# hossainkhan.com
Static site for [hossainkhan.com](http://hossainkhan.com/)

## Site Theme Credits
Xiaoying Riley at 3rd Wave Media (http://themes.3rdwavemedia.com/)

* Theme Used: "**Developer**" ([bootstrap-theme-for-web-developers](https://themes.3rdwavemedia.com/bootstrap-templates/resume/free-bootstrap-theme-for-web-developers/))

## Miscellaneous: Github pages with custom domain
Here is a quick writeup I did on how you can use custom domain for your Github pages.
 - [Using custom domain for GitHub pages @ Medium.com](https://medium.com/@hossainkhan/using-custom-domain-for-github-pages-86b303d3918a)


## Tip
Use following to run local server for development.
```
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000
```

----

## Site Preview - Screenshot

This is a snapshot of the website showcasing light and dark mode :last_quarter_moon:

[![hk-website-screenshot@0 5x](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99822/83168985-5a84ea00-a0e0-11ea-895b-e2023a345082.jpg)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99822/83168987-5b1d8080-a0e0-11ea-9fe8-18273f6f5bd4.jpg)
